https://collection.australiansportsmuseum.org.au/persons/3623/weg

Brief Description

01 - Straight Drive - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 1 titled: "STRIAGHT DRIVE". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
02 - Tea Break - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 2 titled: "TEA BREAK". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
03 - Washed Out - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 3 titled: "WASHED OUT". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
04 - Appeal Against The Light - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 4 titled: "APPEAL AGAINST THE LIGHT". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
05 - Googly - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 5 titled: "GOOGLY". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
06 - Death Rattle - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 6 titled: "DEATH RATTLE". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
07 - Quickie - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 7 titled: "QUICKIE". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
08 - Maiden Over - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 8 titled: "MAIDEN OVER". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
09 - Tempting The Delivery - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 9 titled: "TEMPTING THE DELIVERY". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
10 - Leg Before Wicket - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 10 titled: "LEG BEFORE WICKET". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
11 - The Ashes - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 11 titled: "THE ASHES". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
12 - No Ball! - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 12 titled: "NO BALL!". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
13 - Driven To The Fence! - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 13 titled: "DRIVEN TO THE FENCE!". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
14 - Duck! - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No.14 titled: "DUCK!". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
15 - Waltzed Down The Pitch - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No.15 titled: "WALTZED DOWN THE PITCH...!". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
16 - All-Rounder - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No.16 titled: "ALL-ROUNDER". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
17 - The Willow - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No.17 titled: "THE WILLOW". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
18 - Full Toss - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No.18 titled: "FULL TOSS". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
19 - Digging Them In - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No.19 titled: "DIGGING THEM IN". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
20 - Swept It To The Pickets - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No.20 titled: "SWEPT IT TO THE PICKETS". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
21 - Silly Point - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 21 titled: "SILLY POINT". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back have been blacked out with criss-cross print.
22 - The Team Took The Field - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 22 titled: "THE TEAM TOOK THE FIELD". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
23 - Stone Walling - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 23 titled: "STONE WALKING". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
24 - Caught In Deep Mid-Wicket - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 24 titled: "CAUGHT IN DEEP MID-WICKET". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
25 - Bowled A Chinaman - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 25 titled: "BOWLED A 'CHINAMAN' ". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
26 - Caught In The Gully - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 26 titled: "CAUGHT IN THE GULLY ". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
27 - Thrashed The Pants Of 'Em - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 27 titled: "THRASHED THE PANTS OF 'EM ". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
28 - Stumped - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 28 titled: "STUMPED ". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
29 - Square Leg - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 29 titled: "SQUARE LEG". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
30 - OW ZAT! - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 30 titled: "OW ZAT!". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
31 - Leg Break! - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 31 titled: "LEG BREAK!". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
32 - Batsmans Paradise! - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 32 titled: "BATSMANS PARADISE!". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
33 - Slogger - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 33 titled: "SLOGGER!". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
34 - Leg Slip! - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 34 titled: "LEG SLIP!". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
35 - Backward Square Leg - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 35 titled: "BACKWARD SQUARE LEG". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
36 - Meat Of The Bat - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 36 titled: "MEAT OF THE BAT". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
37 - Sticky Wicket - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 37 titled: "STICKY WICKET". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
38 - Hat Trick - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 38 titled: "HAT TRICK". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
39 - All Out! - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 39 titled: "ALL OUT!". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.
40 - Caught Behind! - Trade card. 1972 Sunicrust "Comedy Cricket " Series. Card No. 40 titled: "CAUGHT BEHIND!". One of a set of 40 cards featuring a WEG (Bill Green) cartoon. This series featured a cartoon style picture with various famous football terms. Sunicrust competition details on back.


EOF.
